# CS-300-SNHU
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course? The problems that I was tasked to solve in this course was finding the best data structure to use for ABCD University's course list. In the end I decided to use a Hash table.
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand. Before entering the development stage of my projects, I was tasked with writing an analysis of a few different data structure types. Creating an analysis paper including Big-O notation allowed me to weigh the pros and cons of each data structure in my example.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?The project introduced a multitude of problems for me. I was unfamiliar with many of the data structures intorduced in this course. I was able to get through it with the help of previous milestones and zybooks activities.
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs? I feel that my ability to produce high functioning code for different projects has increased ten fold. I now understand the data strucutres that have been introduced to me. 
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? One thing that some people may call me crazy for is reusing my own code. By that, I mean I save my methods in seperate files so that I can later find them and utilize them in my code. This allows me to greatly increase the speed at which I can code. The code that I wrote for this project will surely be used in many different ways in the future.
